if you have a shifted belly button you
were born to be a great swimmer
or runner the navel is your very own
center of gravity where it's located
higher than average
you have a longer waist and a lifted
center of gravity
that makes you a faster runner if your
belly button is shifted down instead
you have more power in your torso a
longer torso
also helps you make a bigger wave that
makes you a faster swimmer
and a naval hero yeah
gray is one of the rarest eye colors on
the planet
if you're one of that gray eyed one
percent
your eyes have almost no melanin in the
front layer of your iris
depending on what color you're wearing
your eyes can actually change color from
gray to blue to green
your pupils can also get larger when
you're getting emotional
studies show that gray-eyed people are
more competitive
if you have brown eyes you're in solid
company
way back in the day everyone on the
planet had brown eyes
some scientists think that back then
most humans lived in warm climates
and brown eyes gave them more protection
against the sun
brown eyed people are great at
activities that need quick reaction
times
like boxing or soccer or whack-a-mole
blue-eyed people are good learners and
strategic thinkers
they're also good at sports like golf
and cross country running
the easiest way to find out if you're a
mutant
is to push your pinky and thumb together
if a long thin muscle pops out on the
inside of your wrist
you're totally normal if it doesn't you
have a mutation so what's your new
mutant power
literally nothing you and 15
of the population are missing a muscle
that helped our ancestors swing from
branch to branch
since that's a pretty useful skill these
days that muscle's just disappeared
from over 117 million people's arms
it's a good reminder that evolution is
still going on
and that it's a pretty slow process now
if you have a double layer of eyelashes
you inherited this mutation from one of
your parents
it means your 16th chromosome got mixed
up a bit
you might have a full second set of
eyelashes or just a few extras
before you start getting jealous
remember it can cause
extra tearing and even impair your
vision
ninety percent of people have clockwise
hair worlds
if yours goes in the opposite direction
you're probably also
left-handed scientists think that the
same genetic mutation
is responsible for handedness and hair
whirl direction
some people have double whirls which is
even rarer
the superpower of twisting your tongue
is rare but not passed down genetically
you're more likely to be able to fold
roll and turn your tongue
if you speak certain languages or
multiple languages
the cloverleaf tongue is the most
complicated
get to a mirror and find out if you can
pull it off
people who have clearly asymmetrical
faces
like one ear higher than the other for
example are natural
and effective leaders they show
initiative and take responsibility
motivate others and put the interests of
the group above their own
photo time if you think your right side
is your good side
you're most likely an engineer
mathematician chemist
or other sciencey type if your left side
is the one you go with
you're more of the artsy type only two
percent of us have naturally red hair
if you're born red haired it means both
your parents are carrying the gene
even if they don't have red hair
themselves these jeans
give redheads a lower pain threshold
that's why they need more anesthetic
than people with blonde
brown or black hair if you have a large
nose
you're less likely to have allergies and
colds
a larger nose lets in fewer pollutants
and pollens
and protects your mouth from germs
ancient greeks and romans thought
large noses were a symbol of power and
strength
if you have a small nose you're more
likely to work smart instead of hard
you like to get things done and you're
not into spending ages on one
tiny problem if your nose is scooped
with a turned up tip
you're a generous and sentimental person
your family and friends
mean the world to you you inherited your
sneezing style from one of your parents
if you sneeze just once at a time and
turn your head straight away
you're caring and supportive if you
sneeze loudly and proudly
you're a natural leader you get things
done
if you carry tissues and cover your
mouth when sneezing you are a careful
and deep
thinking individual sneezers who are
always trying to break their record of
seven times in a row
are charismatic and social they like to
inspire others
you're more likely to have a college
degree if you're born with a larger
forehead
no word yet on if that means you're
smarter though scientists analyze the
connection between head size
genes and iq so far it looks like it's
true
if your face is wide rather than long
you have great negotiating skills
that skill helps people with wider faces
make more money than their narrow faced
pals
those with a round face appear innocent
and trustworthy
if that's you you're most likely
selfless and put the needs of others
before your own
and you're likely to snore more if your
face is a pretty oval
shape you're most definitely an
extrovert and a highly likeable person
you always know what to say to make
others feel relaxed
a triangular face with a narrow forehead
and a wide jaw
is one of the rarest it makes you look
powerful you're driven
determined and destined to rule at the
same time
you're creative artistic and you freak
out pretty easily
if sweet things taste sweeter to you and
salty tastes saltier
you're probably one of the 25 percent of
the population that are
super tasters this superpower is given
to you by extra tiny dots on your tongue
known as taste buds super tasters don't
normally eat foods like broccoli cabbage
spinach grapefruit and coffee they taste
too bitter
regular spicy food is way too spicy for
their taste buds
still is probably better than being a
non-taster
that's when foods just seem tasteless
and don't give you any pleasure
if you have long eyebrows you're a great
friend and listener
you really care about others and enjoy
helping them
you aren't afraid of responsibility and
handle big
tasks with ease you're also pretty
competitive
people who have thin eyebrows often
doubt themselves
and are more careful about every step
they take
they care about other people's opinion
even if they know
they're right if your eyebrows are thick
you're most definitely confident and
quick-witted you don't like to park your
brain on one task
and get angry when someone tries to hold
you back
you're active and forward-thinking folks
with high
and super curved eyebrows aren't that
easy to approach
they like to keep their distance in
reality they just need
more time to get comfortable with you
they strive for perfection
and have great taste if your eyebrows
are somewhat low and close to your eye
you're easy going and mix with people
well you're always true to your word
you also like to help others achieve
their goals
now if your second toes shorter than
your big toe
you have what's called morton's toe just
like the statue of liberty herself
in some places it's pretty common in
others it's kind of rare
morton's toe can affect your posture and
how you walk
try to wear shoes with a high and wide
toad box
to stop that toe from getting crammed
and crushed add some swimming and biking
into your routine
it'll help even out the tension on your
foot
those with high arched feet are
independent and self-sufficient
if your arches are lower you're most
likely outgoing
and need the company of others to feel
comfortable
if you have similar length toes and
overall wide feet
you've got a sweet case of roman foot
you were born to travel the world
and explore new cultures you're outgoing
and make friends easily
if your feet are elongated and your big
toe tapers off
you're probably one of those deep
thinkers your mood
changes a lot and you can probably take
surprising and spontaneous decisions